{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
# DoseTap – Product Spec & Presentation Pack\par \par **One‑liner:** Tap once for Dose 1. Inside the **2.5–4 h** window, we remind you at a minute you’re likely to surface, then tap again for Dose 2. Bathroom/Out‑of‑Bed events help the timing model. All data stays on‑device by default.\par \par ## Problem → Opportunity\par Split‑dose XYWAV at ~3 AM is easy to miss or mishandle. Phones are bright and slow. We replace screens with one tactile button and an adaptive reminder that never leaves the **2.5–4 h** label window.\par \par ## Solution\par - **Hardware button (Flic 2)** → URL scheme → app logs events and schedules reminders.\par - **Adaptive placement:** baseline = median Time‑to‑First‑Wake (TTFW) from Health/WHOOP history; same‑night nudges ±10–15 min; **hard clamp 150–240 min**.\par \par ## Architecture\par - iOS SwiftUI app + watchOS companion.\par - HealthKit: Sleep Analysis (stages), HR/HRV/RR (optional), Medications read (optional).\par - WHOOP API v2: sleep & cycles history via OAuth.\par - Local storage: Core Data / or JSON for MVP. CSV export.\par \par ## Events (codes)\par `dose1`, `dose2`, `bathroom`, `lights_out`, `wake_final`, `snooze`\par \par ## MVP\par - URL handler: `dosetap://log?event=...`\par - Reminder: default 165 min; clamp [150, 240].\par - Watch: three big buttons; haptic confirms.\par - Insights: average Dose1→Dose2 interval, natural vs. alarm nights.\par \par ## Limitations & Mitigations\par - iOS background: keep the Flic app running (don’t force‑quit).\par - WHOOP latency: use for **history**, not live staging.\par - HealthKit variability: rely on multi‑night baselines, small same‑night nudges.\par \par ## Roadmap\par - v0.1 Tonight‑ready slice\par - v0.2 HealthKit baseline & nudges\par - v0.3 WHOOP history personalization\par - v0.4 Insights + CSV export\par \par ## Action Plan (Weeks)\par - **Week 0:** URL scheme, notifications, 165‑min default\par - **Week 1:** HealthKit sleep read + baseline; Snooze 10m\par - **Week 2:** WHOOP OAuth + 30‑night import; Insights v1\par - **Week 3:** Polish, slides, demo\par \par ## Success Metrics\par - % Dose 2 on‑time (inside 2.5–4 h)\par - % natural‑wake vs alarm nights\par - Missed Dose 2 per week\par 
}